README.md, before:

# Grant RFPs and Bounties

Grant RFPs and bounties are listed as [Issues](https://github.com/dfinity/grant-rfps/issues).

## Grant RFPs

A Request for Proposal (RFP) is a call for a grant proposal dedicated to a specific topic. RFPs can be rather broadly scoped, and the applicants are expected to outline their proposals in the grant application.

Please submit your application at https://dfinity.org/grants and mention the RFP-X reference.

## Bounties

Bounties are tasks with well-defined acceptance criteria and a price tag.

Bounties can come in the following flavors (Project Types):
- Traditional: One applicant is selected to work on the task.
- Multiple: Multiple applicants can get selected to work on the tasks and get paid.
- Contest: Multiple workers can submit work, but only the winner is paid.
- Cooperative: Multiple workers can submit work, and the bounty is shared.

## Requests for Startups

We've also collected a list of ideas for startups where we think the Internet Computer would be a particularly good fit. Please check out the [Request for Startups](./requests-for-startups.md).

## How to contribute

Please help define and rank potential future bounties in the [Discussions](https://github.com/dfinity/grant-rfps/discussions) section.

If you have any questions you can find us in the #developer-grants channel on the [ICP Discord](https://discord.internetcomputer.org).

Commit message:

fix broken link to deactivated github discussions

README.md, after:

# Grant RFPs and Bounties

Grant RFPs and bounties are listed as [Issues](https://github.com/dfinity/grant-rfps/issues).

## Grant RFPs

A Request for Proposal (RFP) is a call for a grant proposal dedicated to a specific topic. RFPs can be rather broadly scoped, and the applicants are expected to outline their proposals in the grant application.

Please submit your application at https://dfinity.org/grants and mention the RFP-X reference.

## Bounties

Bounties are tasks with well-defined acceptance criteria and a price tag.

Bounties can come in the following flavors (Project Types):
- Traditional: One applicant is selected to work on the task.
- Multiple: Multiple applicants can get selected to work on the tasks and get paid.
- Contest: Multiple workers can submit work, but only the winner is paid.
- Cooperative: Multiple workers can submit work, and the bounty is shared.

## Requests for Startups

We've also collected a list of ideas for startups where we think the Internet Computer would be a particularly good fit. Please check out the [Request for Startups](./requests-for-startups.md).

## How to contribute

Proposals for possible future bounties can be submitted and discussed in the [Bounties & RFPs](https://forum.dfinity.org/c/developers/bounties-rfps/37) category on the forum.

If you have any questions you can find us in the #developer-grants channel on the [ICP Discord](https://discord.internetcomputer.org).
